Health and medicine field Entertainment Industry  At present, I don't have a plan for my future career. I will make my goal clear through the following study.Let me know what I want. Most likely a research scientist and/or a science writer.  NA I honestly have no idea but either something in animal/human rights or something to do with health and fitness? Not very similar career paths I would like to go into medicine after the completion of a science degree business man Do as much as I can to graduate with a high score for now. Nursing or Midwifery Entrepreneurs  I want to be a teacher. NA I want to be a marine biologist or environmental scientist Something to do with the environment, possibly the ocean and possibly policy  Unsure Something to do with psychology, maybe clinical or something related to law. i would love to be a marine biologist and hopefully travel around the wrold as well to work in marine life conservation NA Veterinarian Surgeoun media industry  Teacher either doing Biology, PDHPE or Studies of Religion

  I hope I can have my own company in the future. Scientist HR I want to work within the creative arts industry if other endeavours don't go to plan. NA No idea really, but if i have to give an answer, some type of philosopher, or maybe some kind of physical therapist, or possibly both.  I want to be a reporter. NA unsure, but in a field relating to politics/law or international relations. commerce related Marine biologist or film director Either, enter into the the foreign service or legal practice/ public service. Either Veterinary Science, Music or Teaching  still quite unsure, but hopefully either biology or education related (which are my major and electives for this course at the moment. however, it's quite tough for me to understand the analytical thinking course as i was never a mathematics/statistical person and sadly was also never really good with numbers At the  moment I am thinking of becoming a nurse. Hopefully a degree in psychology but a go into business.

  Jump out of my current boundary, since Im not doing well in foundation so this is npt the faulty I most anxious to study in. Seeking for knowledge tat do helps for my future career. Mastering some office skills and develop a critical thoughts.   Psychology  Something in medicine something science/biology related no idea study hard Sports dietitian  I would like to work at one of Japanese TV stations' international/ global brunch and connect Japan and other countries information.  I study data science and sociology and I wish to gain a sociological understanding of the world and engage in humanitarian work. Furthermore, I believe that data science can answer social science questions and I want to combine data tools, analytics, practical programming skills in order to ask the right questions, problem solve and use data skills to answer these questions and bring about an impact in society. Archaeologist? Biologist?  Veterinarian  actually i got no idea or long term plan of my life. i can not find something that i am interested in and willing to do in the future. i always feel bad about that. I am an Ancient History major in a BLAS. I have no need for detailed study of scientific data nor statistics.I aspire to be in ALLIED HEALTH in a Radiology (diagnostic) role, again no data analysis nor statistics or research. Rough idea would be: helping others by understanding how humans work or function.  NA Emergency Nursing  Tossing up between journalism and photography I want to work in the aviation industry; ideally, a flight attendant, otherwise a HR professional or managing flights using statistics. Curator (art history), Marine biologist, Environmental Conservation, Geochemist! Not sure yet! Entrepreneur  being a vet No comments Hi！My name is Jing Chen(490126480), I have been in Australia for nearly two years, and now I am the first-year student in Sydney Uni.

My major is computer science. I choosed ATHK as one of my course in this system. My current idea or career is that I want to be a good student,  I want to learn more about my courses like ATHK, PHIL,WRIT, INFO. But due to my situation, I was affected by travel ban and first-week(week4) stomachs pain in Sydney, the time I studied seriously is week5. It caused me catch up harder, sometimes I would be devastated. My due’s compliment was not good as I wish.

In summary, my current idea is still being a good student(more HD in my courses), but now what should I do is trying hardest to catch up the schedule of courses.

  Doctor NA I want to be a teacher but i'm not sure if I can get credited doing this degree. This degree is very useful so I'm not even sure if I want to change out of it. I am currently exploring my options but ultimately I think I want to be a social worker.  Lawyer Teacher in the humanities, working in the field of geology, or politics I want to become an English professor in  my country dentistry  Actually not have an idea yet. Enterprise staff becoming an editor  race care driver Script writing detecter，psychology NA I wanna be a journalist in the future or something about the media I may not need to use this subject for employment, but I think it is not a bad thing to master multiple skills. I may not be able to choose my job freely because of family reasons, but I can prepare for it as much as possible. Fashion design  Entrepreneur  i'm not too sure yet. Something in the field of sociology and psychology  interior  designer  Nurse I want to get into a form of social work/psychology NA Event management or marketing not sure yet  Psychologist or secretary  job around finance or accounting I find the area of investigations in criminal cases very interesting so I would like to pursue a career in some aspect of investigation or in the court process.  I really don’t know  NA Working on a career in the medical field i want to work in the financial field. I am not really sure at this moment, but maybe something about environment management?  Something related to the field of psychology. I want to be  a professor.  Editor I'd like to approach a scientific career related to ethics. no idea psychologist  no idea, I had  hoped something musical environmental manager in an Australian mine. I want to find a stable job with good salary first.  During the job, I can access any other areas and jobs. Then, I will choose the area which is really attracted me as a lifelong career. Somewhere around the field of Psychology or Commerce. I'm considering somewhere in the computer science or veterinary field. Become a psychologist to help people in need.  not sure I am studying psychology, I would love to help people out and become a psychologist.  Zoology or Vet Science History/ESL teaching, maybe something to do with linguistics I major in bio-medical science, and for suggestions, I cannot hear clearly for recorded lectures (100 for volume on laptop), so is there any chance to make it more clear, cause my student’s accommodation is repairing for courtyard , so Very noisy during day time, I can’t focus at all. Thank you for reading this. probably, school counselling or something in developmental psychology  NA I want to be a functional neurologist/health practitioner with my own clinic, using different treatment modalities for a wholistic, individualised health approach to help people with neurological and chronic health conditions. However, I also want to incorporate music and acting into my career, too. Human Resources Manager (ethics) down the science path - environmental science/ ecology/ wildlife conservation  criminal investigator or clinical psychology Creating a successful career path starts the moment I step on campus. I just need to take advantage of the all the resources readily available to me Psychologist - more on the clinical side and focusing on pediatrics 

Nursing - focusing on the pediatric department  in my point, this career is like basic skills for us to learn other things.  The examples in class to explain is very important , hope it can be more close our normal life. And also the way that we thinking about question and how to deal with it or achieve it also the most important part.  Medicine. Honestly no idea I really wanted to go into social work after this year.  not sure  ecological research and management no clue I want to travel the world and teach English to middle-school/high-school children before eventually going back home and settle down as a teacher back home. My current plan is to go on to become a Lawyer. Policy/government relations advisor  Climate scientist? Possibility in sustainable agriculture/soil science/microbiology.  I want to become a veterinarian  Become a zoologist Wildlife conservationist environmental consultant Wildlife conservationist  I'd like to take a pathway into veterinary science Either archaeology or art restoration. Biologist, or an educational scientist  Be a doctor. NA Criminal Pyschology manager Anthropologist Agricultural development not sure yet

but sth related to food technology or wine production. - Something in the business field, specifically marketing.  I have no idea about this  Be a teacher in the future, or work in a bank A secondary Teacher.  I'm not sure. No exact idea for that, maybe work in a financial institution.

By the way, we students whose first langue is not English will really appreciate that if you could speak a litter slower.  I want to become a film/video producer Veterinarian unsure  Helping people. I honestly don't know. I really don't know what I want to do. However, I do have one goal and that is to be able to take care of myself and be able to repay what my parent has given me. This can be in the form of money and many more. I just want my career to show that my parent's investment in me was worth it.  something in neuroscience  I would like a career in medicine and with further study I hope to be a pediatrician.  Business insights, editorial production, user experience and design. Animal Production, or Criminology Oh goodness i have no idea :( Journalist Marine Biology I want to be a nurse/scientist  Not so sure as of yet but definitely in the environmental sciences field I would like to master in Optometry following my undergraduate degree. Hopefully still at USYD. Hoping to figure out what I love through different courses at uni NA